Host, you have Journey to the West.
What game?
Just say it.
10 SQ Conference Background Music Submission Results
Don't say don't say
I see for myself
Ah, my song was actually chosen
Wow, it's still a brand robot.
I heard my wife email me.
Yes, I finally completed a small goal for the original owner.
Was there an earthquake?
Hey, sleep with you
Sleep with me
I'll be recording the show later
You can send me after eating.
Good idea.
When I get to the top gifter, will I send my little lover to work?
I always feel like something is wrong.
Hey phone
Lost
The host was made by Zhou Jing
Surveillance caught him
I know you did it.
Why are you slandering me like that?
You see with your eyes that I did it.
What's the security noise about?
Host, she is Zhou Jing's boyfriend.
Come with me!
My people, you dare to eat Pigsy too
What are you?